hi there this is also the CC train LLC
model train store in Cincinnati Ohio
today guys real quick presentation about
conversion of that beautiful and scale
Fleshman locomotive it's all style a
locomotive about maybe 30 years old it's
in a good shape three pole motor but
just the oxidized and I change the
proper traction tires so it took me a
while to do it but it's done now what
helped me a lot to recover it from old
years Oh Lex oxidized film and stuff
that product never stole i used i'm
using it about for four months right now
and i really like it and i sold a lot of
it here at to store and i have good very
good feedback great feedback actually
its mineral oil or with conductive
filler so the oil is not vibrating in
that conductive filler provide
connectivity I guess part my English so
if you if you if you use it in a small
yes so using with that small dispenser
thing has a small needle to drop that
stuff it's kind of red almost no smell
and it's oil too so I i cover about 20
engines at this point if you if you if
you're in a hurry and you don't know
what's going on for example with a
switch point or something connector see
you can drop a little bit of this stuff
on the switch points and figure out
later or just keep it you know it will
be in a good even joiner you can put
stuff on joiners temporarily to figure
out what's going on with them with the
problem on layout of course engines I
recover more clean engines they have the
the worst
combination of the metal they using a
aluminum body with the copper connectors
to it so it's just the worst case
scenario and even knew or locomotive
sticking on the shelf for while all
running in and sitting again they have a
little bit electrical issues that thing
will take care about everything already
or have a good one and we'll be in touch
see you at the shows and I will do more
videos here we go think you have a good
one bye